Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to create a button, and we're going to make this button visible,
okay?
Not to do this over this crazy territory.
We're going to create a new folder, and we're going to call this folder widgets.
Okay.
Then over this widget directory, we're going to create a new PHI and we're going to call this fly custom
on the score box and then the section, dots, dots.
Okay, now we can just go ahead with the stateless widget since nothing's going to change or since we
are not going to update the UI.
Okay.
So you can either call this custom button.
Then over here we need to add lights and then use controller and dots in a note to import the material
that that package.
Okay.
Now is yellow for it's on a container regular.
It's on an elevated button, which is a type of button.
Okay.
Elevated.
Elevator button.
Okay.
Now, this elevated button has a property known as OM Press, which is a function.
And as well it has the child property.
Okay.
Now for the child is going to be a test which acts.
And like I said, we're going to make this button reusable.
So all we can do is we can create a reusable test.
Okay.
So over here we can say fine and string, right?
Then this is going to be test.
Okay.
Now, the next thing to do is to pass it on to the constructor.
So any time we call this custom passing, we're gonna need to pass in the value.
Okay, so all we can do is use red dots, then create constructor.
We'll find our fields.
Okay.
Now, we can easily just say we don't want it to be required.
Right.
So any time we call in, we call this custom button.
We don't really need to pass in the value to this test.
So what we can do is we can say we want it to be required by pass in a pass in the required keyword
over here.
Okay.
Nice.
Out of this, we can pass in the test.
Okay, great.
Now we can use country.
And that's to say, okay, now over this logging screen, what we can do is we can make this button
we just created we just created the test widget.
So we can call the custom.
Cost.
But saying, okay, now you can see we made that required so it is better to pass the value to that
test.
Okay.
For the value, we can just say log in.
This content is to save and check what you just did given the state of our year.
Okay, great.
Now we can give some tie to this.
Okay.
Sorry.
Huston But now, as you know, this test has a property known as Ty, and we can see it says Ty.
We can just set your font size.
Sorry, Steve.
4717 is okay.
Okay.
Great.
Now check.
Now, all we can do is we can tie this button.
Okay.
Now you can do it over here.
This elevated button, that is the property known as tie.
You can do it over here or we can as well do it over here, but must be within the elevated button.
Okay, so you can just do it over here.
Okay.
Stay right.
And this is going to be elevated.
But in that timeframe, which means we want to stay this way.
Okay.
Now, this has a property known as primary for the primary.
It means we want to change the background colour of this button.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can use the button colour which we have in the colours.
Use country and save.
Okay.
I think we just have to pass the studies.
Now, all we can assert is we can make this a bit bigger.
A bit bigger.
Okay.
Now to do this within the elevated but so within this elevated bartender's diaphragm, it has a property
known as minimum.
Minimum, I think not maximum, but minimum size.
And we can see size.
Size.
Okay.
Like I is asking for the weight though it simply miss how wide the button is going to be and the ice
simply means how long the buttons would be.
Okay for the weights.
We can say double.
Double.
Towards infinity.
What this would do is it would take the available space.
Okay.
So that's from year to year.
So now for the height, what we can do is we can just give the height of what's sorry 50 and now we
can use control.
And that's the save and.
Okay.
You can see.
Okay there they can see is way too wide.
So we can give you part into this.
So you can see.
Pardon?
We can just so we can rob this with the father.
Sorry.
Okay.
And for all sides, we can say it's in.
Great.
Okay.
Now all we can do is add the trauma coma via a nasal.
This elevated button does tie from has a property.
Has it property.
No one has shipped.
Okay for the ship.
This is going to be around rounded.
Rounded rectangle border.
So what we want to do is we want to give this a beats rounded shape.
Okay, and layer.
We can see what I would use and can see border.
Reduce.
That's circular of 30.
The key agitation, coma and.
Okay.
You can see.
Great.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can give a pattern between this and this.
So to take this image, it beats to the bottom from this test.
Okay, not to do that, you're going to need to go to the log in screen.
And over here we can rob this with a paddle.
Pardon?
And is it of this?
It's not give you a pardon for all sides.
We can't say does.
Symmetric.
That is, we only want to give for the horizontal and vertical.
So for the now we can just give only for the vertical whereby vertical are asked to do it.
Top and bottom.
Right.
We can just see.
Probably 15 and see.
Okay.
Everything is country initiative.
So this is going to go all the way to the bottom.
Okay.
You can see.
I think this is okay.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next picture.